Blaze Wheeler 2022
Android Boot Camp For Developers Using JAVA 
Chapter 1: Key Terms


Define the keywords below to the best of your ability using chapter 1.
 
Android project view —  a view in android studio that shows a flattened version of a projects overall structure that gives you easy and quick access to the the projects source files 

Android Studio — a IDE or integrated development environment designed for the building of projects for Googles Android Operating System. Created on JetBrains’ IntelliJ IDEA software.

Android Virtual Device (AVD) — a configurations that  creates the characteristics of an Android phone, tablet, Wear Os, Android TV, or Automotive Device that needs to be simulated in the Android Emulator.

AndroidManifest.xml — Every Android App Project must have an AndroidManifest.xml file. The manifest file includes the essential info about Android build tools, the Android os, and Google Play.

app —  a app or mobile application is a software application designed to run on an mobile device such as a phone, tablet, watch etc.

Component Tree —  a component tree represents a library of components that can be added to sets or flows that specify a test instance. A Component contains lines of code that perform a unique functional action.

emulator — an emulator is software that allows a computer system to behave in the manner of another system such as a phone, tablet, or tv.

Google Play— Google play previously know as Android Market is a digital store offered by goole to buy and sell applications designed for Googles Android operating systems.

Java — java is a class based object oriented programing language that runs on over 1 billion devices 


java folder —  a java folder contains all java source code created during app development including test files.

layout — a layout defines the visual structure of a user interface like the user interface of an app or widget.

manifests folder — an xml file generated inside of manifest folder created in every android studio project 
